Adding DOME Registry Story, 2x new Tools & Gavin Farrell as contributor (#529)
EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/RSQKit: pages/research_software_stories/dome_registry_research_software_story.md

## Community 
### Streamlining the path for new developers and contributors through mentorship and guided tools

The DOME Registry is developed and maintained by a diverse, rotational team anchored at the [University of Padua (UNIPD)](https://www.unipd.it/en/). The core development team consists of academic staff at various career stages, including two PhD researchers who provide multi-year stability and IT/engineering focused interns who contribute targeted technical work. Because of this rotational nature, the project relies on a strong "handover" culture where knowledge is actively transferred to new contributors to maintain continuity. While UNIPD serves as the primary development hub, the infrastructure is supported by a mirror deployment at [CERTH (ELIXIR Greece)](https://www.certh.gr/), which provides operational resilience without requiring a separate development team. Beyond the core staff, the community expands through international collaborations via ELIXIR projects or collaborations in the EOSC frameworks such as with the [AI4EOSC project](https://ai4eosc.eu/).

**How DOME Registry onboards new developers:**

> * **Workflow:** New developers, often interns or project partners, start by cloning the {% tool "github" %} repository. Work is commonly organised via GitHub Issues, and [GitHub Projects](https://github.com/features/issues) is being considered to localise the wider development strategy next to the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Workflow:** New developers, often interns or project partners, start by cloning the {% tool "github" %} repository. Work is commonly organised via GitHub Issues, and [GitHub Projects](https://github.com/features/issues) is being considered to bring code, strategy and management into one location.
```
